1. Opening Image: We see Kate in her element, conning a wealthy merchant out of his money. She is posing as a noblewoman from England and is doing a very convincing job.

2. Theme Stated: The theme of the story is stated by Kate's inner monologue as she reflects on her life. She is a survivor and has had to make her own way in the world. She is a thief and a con artist, but she is very good at what she does.

3. Setup: We are introduced to the other main characters of the story: John, the wealthy merchant, and Jack, the ruthless pirate captain. We learn about their respective backgrounds and how they came to be in New Zealand.

4. Catalyst: Kate's latest scheme is to rob John, but she is quickly caught by Jack. He believes that she is a spy for the government and wants to torture her for information.

5. Debate: Kate is caught between the two men as they battle for control over her. She is terrified of both Jack and John, but she is also very attracted to them. She can't decide which one she wants to be with.

6. Break Into Two: Kate is finally caught by Jack and taken prisoner. He drags her back to his ship and locks her in a cell.

7. B Story: While Kate is being held captive, we learn more about her backstory. We see how she became the survivor that she is today.

8. Fun and Games: Jack starts to question Kate about her supposed spying, but she is adamant that she knows nothing. He doesn't believe her, but he is also fascinated by her. He can't help but be drawn to her spirit and fight.

9. Midpoint: Kate manages to escape from her cell and ends up on John's ship. He takes her in and agrees to help her get away from Jack.

10. Bad Guys Close In: Jack is hot on Kate's heels, and he soon catches up to her. He is about to defeat John and take Kate back when she turns the tide of the battle.

11. All is Lost: Kate is captured by Jack and taken back to his ship. He locks her in a cell and starts to torture her for information.

12. Dark Night of the Soul: Kate is broken by the torture and is ready to give up. She is about to tell Jack everything when she has a sudden resurgence of strength. She manages to escape and ends up on John's ship once again.

13. Break Into Three: Kate is torn between her two lovers. She is attracted to both Jack and John, but she can't decide who she wants to be with.

14. Finale: Kate finally decides to go back to Jack. She knows that he is a dangerous man, but she can't resist her feelings for him. She tells John goodbye and sets sail for Jack's ship.

15. Final Image: We see Kate and Jack sailing off into the sunset together, finally free to be together.