1. Opening Image: We see the small town near the edge of the Pacific in the late 19th century. We see the Freeman family home and Martin Freeman working on a carpentry project.

2. Theme Stated: The theme of the story is stated in the form of a question: "Can we really trust the people who come into our lives?"

3. Setup: We are introduced to the Freeman family and their small town life. We learn that they have three young daughters and that Freeman is a carpenter and Winslet is a seamstress.

4. Catalyst: John Smith arrives in town and quickly ingratiates himself with the family. He helps Freeman with his work and shares meals with them. He entertains the children with stories of his travels.

5. Debate: The Freemans begin to trust Smith, but then strange things begin to happen. He starts staying up late, tinkering with the device on his wrist. He suddenly has strange knowledge about things that he couldn't possibly know. And he seems to be able to influence people's thoughts and actions. As the townspeople start to become worried about Smith's strange powers, the Freemans begin to have doubts about him as well.

6. Break Into Two: The Freemans confront Smith and demand to know who he really is. He finally admits that he is not a traveller. He is an alien from another planet. He says that he is a scientist and that he has been observing the townspeople for research.

7. B Story: The townspeople are now aware of the threat that these aliens pose. They need to find a way to warn others about the danger.

8. Fun and Games: The Freemans and the townspeople work together to drive Smith out of their lives. But they are left traumatized by their experience.

9. Midpoint: The townspeople realize that there are others like Smith in the town. They need to find a way to stop them.

10. Bad Guys Close In: The aliens start to take control of the townspeople. They realize that they are in danger and that they need to find a way to stop them.

11. All is Lost: The townspeople are unable to stop the aliens and they are taken over.

12. Dark Night of the Soul: The townspeople are left traumatized by their experience. They realize that they are in danger and that they need to find a way to warn others about the threat that these aliens pose.

13. Break Into Three: The townspeople work together to find a way to warn others about the aliens. They create a plan to send a warning to the other towns.

14. Finale: The townspeople execute their plan and warn the other towns. They are able to stop the aliens and save the town.

15. Final Image: We see the townspeople celebrating their victory over the aliens.