1. Opening Image: We are introduced to the city of New Beijing, which has been built on the remains of the old Beijing. The city is a towering mass of steel and concrete, and is home to over 20 million people. The majority of the population lives in poverty, while a small elite class controls the majority of the wealth.

2. Theme Stated: The theme of the story is that in a world that is increasingly divided between the haves and the have-nots, it is always the brave and the determined who find a way to make a difference.

3. Setup: We are introduced to the Li family, who are part of the elite class. The head of the family is Han Li, a successful businessman who has made his fortune in the construction industry. Han Li is a ruthless man, who has no time for his wife or two children, whom he sees as weak and useless. Hi wife, FengLi, is a traditional Chinese woman who has been forced to give up her dreams of being a doctor in order to be a good wife and mother. She is deeply unhappy in her marriage, and is constantly berated by her husband. Their son, Jintao, is a highly intelligent young man who has been sent to the best schools money can buy. However, he is a delicate, sensitive boy who does not fit in with the other children from wealthy families. He is constantly bullied, and as a result, is extremely withdrawn and shy. Their daughter, Mei, is a rebellious teenager who is constantly getting into trouble. She is fed up with her family's wealth and status, and wants to find a way to make a difference in the world.

4. Catalyst: One day, while Mei is out exploring the city, she comes across a group of rebels who are planning to overthrow the government. Mei is immediately drawn to their cause, and joins their ranks.

5. Debate: As the rebels plan their uprising, Mei befriends one of the other members, a boy named Kai. Kai is from a poor family, and has very little education. However, he is a street-wise kid who has a natural charisma. Mei starts to fall in love with Kai, but she is reluctant to act on her feelings as she does not want to betray her family.

6. Break Into Two: Mei continues to work with the rebels, and she and Kai become closer. Eventually, they confess their love for each other, and Mei decides to leave her privileged life behind to be with Kai.

7. B Story: As the rebels continue to plan their uprising, they gain more and more support from the people of New Beijing. However, they are also being hunted by Han Li, who is using all of his power and influence to try and stop them. Meanwhile, Jintao is also becoming increasingly involved in the rebel movement, much to the dismay of his family. However, he is inspired by Mei's courage, and he too wants to make a difference.

8. Fun and Games: The rebels are filled with hope and determination as the day of the uprising draws closer. However, they are also aware that the odds are against them, and that they may not all survive.

9. Midpoint: On the day of the rebellion, the rebels pour into the streets, and are joined by hundreds of ordinary citizens who are fed up with the government's tyrannical rule. There is a huge battle, and many people are killed, including Han Li. However, the rebels are eventual victorious, and Kai is crowned the new leader of New Beijing.

10. Bad Guys Close In: In the aftermath of the rebellion, Mei and Kai begin to rebuild the city, and they create a new society based on equality and justice. The story ends with Mei and Kai's wedding, as they look to the future with hope and optimism.