1. Opening Image: We see Steve, a Korean-American man in his twenties, standing on a dock in Korea, watching as a ship pulls into port. He's wearing a cheap suit and a wide-brimmed hat, and he looks out of place.

2. Theme Stated: Steve is a con artist, and he's come to Korea to make a name for himself in the world of Korean organized crime.

3. Setup: We learn about Steve's background and how he's been able to successfully pull off a number of cons in the United States. We also see him interacting with the Tigers, the top gang in the city. He's able to ingratiate himself with them by lying and cheating his way into their good graces.

4. Catalyst: The Tigers are involved in a turf war with another gang, the Dragons. Steve is drawn into the conflict when he's caught in the middle of a shoot-out between the two gangs.

5. Debate: Steve starts to question whether or not he wants to continue down this dangerous path. He's in over his head and he's not sure if he can handle the violence.

6. Break Into Two: Steve decides to fake his own death and start a new life somewhere else. But before he can put his plan into action, he's betrayed and Jie is killed. Steve is now on his own and he knows that he won't be able to make it out alive.

7. B Story: We learn about Jie, Steve's friend and fellow gangster. We see their friendship and how Jie has always been loyal to Steve.

8. Fun and Games: Steve and Jie hatch a plan to fake Steve's death and start a new life somewhere else. But before they can put their plan into action, they're both betrayed and Jie is killed.

9. Midpoint: Steve is now on his own and he knows that he won't be able to make it out alive. He decides to go out with a bang and takes down as many Tigers and Dragons as he can before he finally meets his end.

10. Bad Guys Close In: The Tigers and Dragons are both after Steve, and he's running out of time.

11. All is Lost: Steve is cornered by the Tigers and the Dragons. He knows that he's not going to make it out alive.

12. Dark Night of the Soul: Steve is faced with his own mortality. He thinks about his life and how he's ended up in this situation.

13. Break Into Three: Steve decides to go out with a bang and takes down as many Tigers and Dragons as he can before he finally meets his end.

14. Finale: Steve's plan is successful and he takes out a lot of Tigers and Dragons. But he's also killed in the process.

15. Final Image: We see Steve's body lying on the ground, surrounded by the bodies of the Tigers and Dragons.