1. Opening Image: We see our main character, a young man in his early 20s, living in Brazil. He's just your average stoner, working a dead-end job and barely scraping by.

2. Theme Stated: The theme of the story is obsession and paranoia.

3. Setup: We are introduced to our main character and his life in Brazil. He comes across a strange article online about a possible alternate timeline in which Brazil is the world's leading superpower.

4. Catalyst: Intrigued, he does some further research and discovers that there may be some truth to the theory.

5. Debate: He starts to behave oddly, becoming more withdrawn and paranoid. His friends and family start to worry about him, but he insists that he's just fine. All he wants to do is learn more about this alternate timeline.

6. Break Into Two: Our main character becomes obsessed with the idea of the alternate timeline, and his behavior becomes increasingly erratic. His friends and family try to help him, but he starts to distance himself from them.

7. B Story: We see the main character's friends and family struggling to deal with his obsession. They are worried about him, but they don't know how to help him.

8. Fun and Games: Our main character continues to delve deeper into his research, and he becomes more and more convinced that he is living in the alternate timeline. He starts to believe that something is coming to get him.

9. Midpoint: He comes across a video online that seems to confirm his suspicions. In the video, a group of people are discussing the alternate timeline and what it could mean for the world. They seem to be on the verge of discovering something big, but our main character can't quite figure out what it is.

10. Bad Guys Close In: His obsession starts to take over his life, and he becomes even more withdrawn and paranoid. His family and friends are at their wit's end, and they eventually have him committed to a mental institution.

11. All is Lost: In the mental institution, our main character has a breakdown. He comes to believe that he is living in the alternate timeline, and that he needs to find a way to get back to his own timeline. He becomes convinced that the people in the alternate timeline are coming to get him, and he starts to lash out.

12. Dark Night of the Soul: Our main character is in a padded cell, sedated and restrained. He spends his days ranting and raving about the alternate timeline and the people who are coming to get him.

13. Break Into Three: Our main character's friends and family visit him in the mental institution. They try to talk to him, but he is unresponsive. They are struggling to deal with his condition.

14. Finale: Our main character is in his padded cell, and he suddenly snaps out of his delusion. He realizes that he is in the mental institution and that he needs to get help. He agrees to get treatment and to try to reintegrate into society.

15. Final Image: We see our main character, now in his 30s, living a normal life. He is happy and healthy, and he has a family of his own. He looks back on his experience with the alternate timeline with a sense of wonder.