1. Opening Image: Larissa da Silva is working on a gown in her studio in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. She is surrounded by bolts of fabric, sketches, and half-finished garments.

2. Theme Stated: Larissa has always dreamed of showing her collection at Fashion Week in Paris. However, her plans fall through at the last minute, and she is forced to take a job as a costume designer in her hometown.

3. Setup: Larissa is disappointed but throws herself into her work and quickly becomes one of the most sought-after designers in the city.

4. Catalyst: One day, she is approached by a famous model, who asks her to design a gown for her to wear to the prestigious Met Gala in New York City.

5. Debate: Though flattered, Larissa declines, saying that she is not ready to take on such a high-profile project. The model persists, however, and eventually convinces her to take on the challenge.

6. Break Into Two: Larissa begins working on the gown immediately, but as the deadline draws near, she realizes that she is hopelessly behind schedule.

7. B Story: Desperate, she enlists the help of her best friend, who is a professional seamstress. Together, they manage to finish the gown just in time for the model to catch her flight to New York.

8. Fun and Games: Larissa eagerly waits to see photos of her gown on the red carpet, but to her dismay, she sees that the model has made a few changes to the design.

9. Midpoint: Enraged, she calls her friend and demands that she come over and help her fix the dress. However, her friend is unable to come, as she is currently in the hospital, recovering from a car accident.

10. Bad Guys Close In: Larissa is forced to fix the dress herself, and in the process, she damages it beyond repair.

11. All is Lost: Heartbroken, she goes to the hospital to see her friend, who is now in a coma. There, she meets the woman's husband, who tells her that his wife had always wanted to be a designer.

12. Dark Night of the Soul: This inspires Larissa to finally pursue her dream of showing her collection at Fashion Week.

13. Break Into Three: She works tirelessly on her designs and manages to get a last-minute spot in the show. Though her collection is not well received by the critics, she is praised for her courage and determination.

14. Finale: Larissa's friend wakes up from her coma and soon recovers. She is thrilled to hear about her friend's success and proud of all that she has accomplished.

15. Final Image: Larissa goes on to open her own fashion house in Rio de Janeiro, where she quickly becomes one of the most celebrated designers in the city.