1. Opening Image: We see a young boy, Martin, growing up in 5th century Germany. The country is in a state of turmoil, with different warring factions vying for control. Martin comes from a humble background and doesn't have much, but he is a good and decent person.

2. Theme Stated: The theme of the story is fighting for what is right, even when the odds seem insurmountable.

3. Setup: We are introduced to the different factions that are fighting for control of Germany. We also learn about Martin's background and how he came to be interested in fighting for justice.

4. Catalyst: Martin witnesses a group of bullies picking on a smaller boy. He steps in and defends the boy, even though he knows he will likely get beaten up for it.

5. Debate: Martin begins to debate with the bullies about why what they are doing is wrong. He starts to develop a strong opinion about which faction is in the right and which is in the wrong.

6. Break Into Two: Martin is arrested for his beliefs. He is thrown into jail, but he does not give up. He continues to fight for what he believes in, even though it seems hopeless.

7. B Story: In jail, Martin meets a man named Constantine, who is also a prisoner. Constantine is from a wealthy background and he is highly educated. He has been arrested for his own political beliefs.

8. Fun and Games: Constantine and Martin become friends and they start to discuss their different beliefs. They both realize that they are fighting for the same thing, even though they come from different backgrounds.

9. Midpoint: Constantine and Martin are both released from jail. They decide to start a movement together and they begin to travel around the country, gathering support for their cause.

10. Bad Guys Close In: The authorities start to crack down on the movement and they arrest Constantine. Martin is left alone, but he does not give up.

11. All is Lost: Martin is captured by the authorities and he is sentenced to death.

12. Dark Night of the Soul: Martin is imprisoned and awaiting execution. He has lost all hope and he doesn't know what to do.

13. Break Into Three: Martin escapes from prison and he starts to gather support for his cause. He begins to gain influence and he starts to make progress.

14. Finale: Martin and his supporters overthrow the government. They establish a new government that is based on equality and justice.

15. Final Image: We see Martin and Constantine standing together, looking over the new regime that they have created. They are finally able to bring about the changes they have been fighting for.