1. Opening Image: We see our heroine in her home, surrounded by her husband and children. She's cooking dinner and doing the laundry, while her husband sits on the couch and watches TV. It's a typical scene in a traditional Asian home.

2. Theme Stated: Our heroine is fed up with her life. She's tired of being a silent and obedient wife. She's done with being a dutiful daughter. It's time for her to take control of her life and forge her own path.

3. Setup: We learn about our heroine's life and the restrictions that have been placed on her. We see her struggling to conform to the expectations of her husband and her community.

4. Catalyst: Our heroine's husband tries to control her. He tells her what to do and how to behave. He doesn't allow her to have any say in her own life.

5. Debate: Our heroine starts to question the restrictions placed on her. She starts to wonder why she has to obey her husband and why she can't live her life the way she wants to.

6. Break Into Two: Our heroine decides to take back her life. She starts to speak out against the injustices she's facing. She starts to demand more from her husband. She starts to refuse to be a victim.

7. B Story: We see our heroine's friends and family. They're supportive of her, but they don't understand why she's making such a fuss.

8. Fun and Games: Our heroine starts to carve out a new life for herself. She faces pushback from her husband, who is threatened by her newfound independence. She faces criticism from her friends and family, who don't understand why she's making such a fuss. But she continues to fight for her rights.

9. Midpoint: Our heroine's efforts start to pay off. More and more women are inspired by her example and start to stand up for themselves. Together, they start to effect change.

10. Bad Guys Close In: The government starts to crack down on those who dare to speak out. Our heroine faces danger from the government, but she is not deterred.

11. All is Lost: Our heroine's husband tries to control her. He tells her what to do and how to behave. He doesn't allow her to have any say in her own life.

12. Dark Night of the Soul: Our heroine is fed up with her life. She's tired of being a silent and obedient wife. She's done with being a dutiful daughter. It's time for her to take control of her life and forge her own path.

13. Break Into Three: Our heroine decides to take back her life. She starts to speak out against the injustices she's facing. She starts to demand more from her husband. She starts to refuse to be a victim.

14. Finale: Our heroine's efforts start to pay off. More and more women are inspired by her example and start to stand up for themselves. Together, they start to effect change.

15. Final Image: Our heroine is now able to live her life on her own terms. She's able to be the woman she wants to be, not the woman she's supposed to be. She's able to pursue her dreams and make her own choices. She's surrounded by the people who love and support her.