1. Opening Image: We see the city of Athens in the 5th century BCE. It is a time of great change and upheaval.

2. Theme Stated: The theme of the story is the rise of the serpent people and their slow but inexorable takeover of the world.

3. Setup: We are introduced to the character of Aratus. He is a young man from a wealthy family who has been sheltered all his life.

4. Catalyst: Aratus' father dies and he is thrust into the role of head of the family. He must now face the outside world and learn to be a leader.

5. Debate: One of the first challenges Aratus must deal with is an arranged marriage. His bride-to-be is a beautiful but cold-hearted woman named Cleopatra. Aratus is not in love with Cleopatra, but he knows that it is his duty to marry her.

6. Break Into Two: The wedding goes forward, but on the night of the consummation, Aratus is horrified to discover that Cleopatra is a serpent woman! She hisses and leaves him cold.

7. B Story: Aratus tries to forget about this incident and focus on his responsibilities, but he is constantly haunted by thoughts of Cleopatra. He becomes obsessed with the idea that she is going to kill him.

8. Fun and Games: Finally, he can stand it no longer and he decides to divorce her. This sets off a chain of events that will have far-reaching consequences.

9. Midpoint: Aratus' decision to divorce Cleopatra sets off a political firestorm. The other families in the ruling class are scandalized and they begin to plot against him. Meanwhile, Aratus himself is going through a metamorphosis. He starts to have strange dreams in which he turns into a serpent.

10. Bad Guys Close In: He also becomes more and more aware of the reptilian nature of the people around him. He starts to see through their false smiles and their cold, calculatating eyes. As the political situation in the city deteriorates, Aratus becomes convinced that Cleopatra is at the root of all the troubles.

11. All is Lost: He decides to take action and he leads a group of followers in an assault on her palace. Cleopatra is killed, but in the process Aratus is seriously wounded.

12. Dark Night of the Soul: He is taken to the temple of Asclepius to be healed. During his time in the temple, Aratus has a series of visions. In these visions, he sees the rise and fall of great civilizations. He sees the rise of the serpent people and their slow but inexorable takeover of the world.

13. Break Into Three: As Aratus recovers from his wounds, he comes to a decision. He knows that he must leave the city and go into exile. But before he does so, he decides to write a book.

14. Finale: The book written by Aratus becomes a bestseller and it is read by people all over the world. It inspires them to stand up to the serpent people and fight back against their plans. The society founded by Aratus' followers also grows and flourishes. It continues to fight the serpent people and it slowly starts to turn the tide against them.

15. Final Image: We see the city of Athens in the present day. The serpent people have been defeated and the city is thriving.