1. Opening Image: We see the bustling streets of Cairo in the early 20th century. There is a feeling of change and excitement in the air, as the country is in the midst of transitioning from a British colony to an independent nation.

2. Theme Stated: We see Madame Serpent leading a group of people in a meditation exercise. She tells them that they are tapping into the power of the goddess Isis, and that they will be able to access her wisdom and knowledge.

3. Setup: We are introduced to Fatima, a young woman who has recently joined the Cult of Isis. We see her giftedness as a psychic, and her quick progress under Madame Serpent's guidance.

4. Catalyst: Fatima has a dream in which the goddess Isis tells her that she is in danger and must leave the cult.

5. Debate: Fatima tries to warn Madame Serpent about the plot against her, but Madame Serpent doesn't believe her. Fatima knows that she has to leave the cult, but she's not sure how she'll be able to do it.

6. Break Into Two: Fatima makes her escape from the cult. She's pursued by a group of cult members, but she's able to lose them by astral travelling to the spiritual realm.

7. B Story: We see Fatima reconnecting with her family and friends, and starting to help others who have been harmed by spirit cults.

8. Fun and Games: Fatima continues to work as a psychic development teacher and counselor, helping people to connect with their spiritual guides and develop their psychic abilities.

9. Midpoint: Fatima has a vision in which the goddess Isis tells her that she is the chosen one to spread her message of love, hope, and healing to the world.

10. Bad Guys Close In: The cult members who are jealous of Fatima's power and authority start to plot against her.

11. All is Lost: Fatima is captured by the cult members and taken back to the cult compound.

12. Dark Night of the Soul: Fatima is imprisoned by the cult and subjected to their brainwashing techniques.

13. Break Into Three: Fatima is able to break free from the cult's control and escape.

14. Finale: Fatima confronts Madame Serpent and the other cult members. She uses her psychic abilities to defeat them and expose their evil deeds to the world.

15. Final Image: We see Fatima living a happy and fulfilling life, helping others to connect with their spiritual guides and develop their psychic abilities.