1. Opening Image: We see the bustling city, full of people going about their lives.

2. Theme Stated: We see the two young people, struggling with their own demons, who are drawn to each other from the moment they meet.

3. Setup: We see the two young people's lives collide when she accidentally spills coffee on him. They feel drawn to each other instantly, but they both have a lot on their plates and so they part ways.

4. Catalyst: However, they are both fighting their own demons - he is struggling with addiction and she is embroiled in a toxic relationship - and they find themselves turning to each other for support and friendship.

5. Debate: Slowly but surely, they fall in love. Their relationship isn't easy, though. They both have a lot of baggage, and they're constantly dealing with outside forces that threaten to tear them apart.

6. Break Into Two: But their love is strong, and they're determined to make it work.

7. B Story: As their relationship develops, the two young lovers face greater challenges.

8. Fun and Games: He relapses and she has to deal with the aftermath. She is faced with life-altering decisions that could have a negative impact on their relationship.

9. Midpoint: But through it all, they remain committed to each other. They weather every storm together, and their love only grows stronger.

10. Bad Guys Close In: However, just when they think they've finally overcome all the obstacles in their path, tragedy strikes.

11. All is Lost: In the face of unimaginable grief, the two lovers must find a way to support each other.

12. Dark Night of the Soul: They eventually recover and their relationship is stronger than ever. They'll never forget what they went through, but they now know that they can get through anything as long as they're together.

13. Break Into Three: They overcome their challenges and their love is stronger than ever.

14. Finale: They live happily ever after.

15. Final Image: We see the two lovers, hand in hand, walking through the city.