1. Opening Image: We see Angelo working in his master's workshop, crafting a beautiful gold necklace.

2. Theme Stated: Angelo's master scolds him for daydreaming and playing tricks with words.

3. Setup: We are introduced to the setting (Renaissance Italy) and the main character (Angelo).

4. Catalyst: Angelo accidentally drops a gold necklace and shatters it. His master is furious and kicks him out of the workshop.

5. Debate: Angelo wanders the streets of Florence, feeling sorry for himself. He comes across a group of boys playing a game of marbles and is invited to join in.

6. Break Into Two: Angelo wins the game and the boys are impressed. They ask him to join their gang.

7. B Story: Angelo is reluctant to get involved in the gang's activities, but he goes along with it anyway.

8. Fun and Games: The gang's activities include playing pranks on people, stealing fruit from market stalls, and generally causing mischief.

9. Midpoint: The gang decides to break into a Cathedral and steal some of the gold and silverware. Angelo is reluctant to go along with this, but the gang leader, Luca, threatens to beat him up if he doesn't go along with the plan.

10. Bad Guys Close In: Angelo goes along with the others and they manage to break into the Cathedral and make off with a large quantity of gold and silver. They divide the spoils amongst themselves and Angelo is given a small share.

11. All is Lost: Angelo decides that he wants out of the gang and attempts to leave. Luca finds out and tries to stop him, but Angelo fights him off and runs away.

12. Dark Night of the Soul: Angelo returns to his old workshop, but his former master will not let him back in. He is forced to start working as a common labourer.

13. Break Into Three: Angelo sees a beautiful girl walking by and is immediately smitten. He follows her home and learns that her name is Bianca.

14. Finale: Angelo hatches a plan and one night he helps Bianca sneak out of her house. They make their way to the docks where Angelo has arranged for them to stow away on a ship bound for Venice.

15. Final Image: Unfortunately, they are discovered by the captain. He informs Bianca's father, who comes to Venice to take her back home. Angelo is heartbroken, but he knows that he can't force Bianca to stay with him against her will. He allows her to go back to her family.