1. Opening Image: Sarah is living in a small town in another galaxy during the early Renaissance period. She is constantly being bullied by the other kids in her town and she doesn't have any friends. The only thing that seems to bring her any joy is spending time with her loving family.

2. Theme Stated: Sarah's world is turned upside down when her family is killed in a brutal massacre. The only survivor is Sarah herself. She is left completely alone and devastated. Sarah is now faced with the challenge of trying to rebuild her life.

3. Setup: Sarah begins to piece her life back together, but she is haunted by the memories of her family's brutal murder. She is also dealing with the fact that she is now completely alone in the world. In order to try and cope with her pain, Sarah turns to alcohol and drugs.

4. Catalyst: Sarah's addiction takes over her life and she begins to spiral out of control. She loses her job and she is kicked out of her home. She is now living on the streets and she is desperate.

5. Debate: Sarah decides to turn to a life of crime in order to try and make some money. She quickly realizes that this is not the life that she wants for herself.

6. Break Into Two: Sarah is eventually arrested and she is sent to prison. This is when she meets a woman named Maria. Maria is also an inmate and she has been in prison for many years.

7. B Story: Maria takes Sarah under her wing and she begins to mentor her. Sarah starts to see the error of her ways and she starts to turn her life around.

8. Fun and Games: With Maria's help, Sarah manages to get released from prison and she starts to rebuild her life. She gets a job and a place to live. She also starts to make some new friends.

9. Midpoint: Sarah's life is finally starting to get back on track. She has a job, a place to live, and some friends. However, she is still haunted by the memories of her family's murder.

10. Bad Guys Close In: Sarah gets a call from the police. They tell her that they have finally caught the person who killed her family. Sarah is overjoyed and she rushes to the police station.

11. All is Lost: Sarah is finally able to confront the person who took everything away from her. After the arrest, Sarah's life finally starts to return to normal.

12. Dark Night of the Soul: Sarah is able to move on from the tragedy of her past and she finally has some closure.

13. Break Into Three: Sarah is able to live a happy and successful life.

14. Finale: Sarah is living a happy and successful life.

15. Final Image: Sarah is living a happy and successful life.