1. Opening Image: The story begins with a shot of the Pacific Ocean. We see a group of superhero films filming their latest movie.

2. Theme Stated: The theme of the story is that people are capable of great things if they set their minds to it.

3. Setup: We are introduced to the main character, Sarcastic, who is living on a remote island in the Pacific. He is content to just fish and hunt for food.

4. Catalyst: Sarcastic finds a film camera that washes up on the shore. Intrigued, he takes it back to his hut and begins to experiment with it.

5. Debate: Sarcastic debates whether or not he should make a documentary about the superhero film that is being made in the Pacific.

6. Break Into Two: Sarcastic decides to make the documentary and he sneaks onto the set of the superhero film.

7. B Story: The B story is about the director of the superhero film and how he is extremely controlling and demanding.

8. Fun and Games: Sarcastic films the cast and crew of the superhero film. He captures some amazing footage of the cast and crew fighting against the director.

9. Midpoint: Sarcastic's film becomes an instant hit and he quickly becomes a celebrity. He is interviewed by the press and his face is plastered on magazine covers.

10. Bad Guys Close In: The director of the superhero film is not happy. He is furious that Sarcastic has made him look bad and he demands that the young man be arrested.

11. All is Lost: Sarcastic is thrown into a crowded and uncomfortable prison cell. He is miserable and he quickly realizes that he is not going to be able to make any more films while he is in prison.

12. Dark Night of the Soul: Sarcastic becomes depressed and his health starts to deteriorate. The other prisoners tease and bully him, but Sarcastic does not fight back.

13. Break Into Three: Sarcastic is released from prison and he decides to get revenge on the people who killed the director.

14. Finale: Sarcastic begins to stalk and terrorize the cast and crew of the superhero film. He picks them off one by one, until only a few of them are left. The remaining cast and crew members are so scared that they decide to stop making the superhero film.

15. Final Image: Sarcastic is shown living on his remote island. He is still making films and he is content with his life.