1. Opening Image: The world is normal. People are going about their lives without a care in the world.

2. Theme Stated: Suddenly, there is a new threat in the world. A group of aliens come to Earth, seeking to conquer it.

3. Setup: The aliens have technology that is far beyond anything that humans have ever seen before. They are able to quickly gain control of the planet.

4. Catalyst: The aliens start to kill anyone who opposes them. Humanity is facing extinction.

5. Debate: A group of rebels decide to fight back against the aliens. They quickly realize that they are outmatched and outgunned. They need to come up with a plan to use the aliens own technology against them.

6. Break Into Two: The rebels put their plan into action. At first, it seems to be working. But then, the aliens start to fight back.

7. B Story: The rebels continue to fight against the aliens. They are outnumbered and outgunned, but they refuse to give up.

8. Fun and Games: The rebels are successful in destroying the aliens mothership. But at a great cost. Nearly all of the rebels are killed in the process.

9. Midpoint: The few remaining rebels try to rebuild humanity. They do their best to bring peace and stability to the world.

10. Bad Guys Close In: There are many who disagree with the rebels. They see them as nothing more than murderers. They are unwilling to forgive them for the innocent lives that were lost in the war.

11. All is Lost: The rebels know that they need to continue to fight. They are the last line of defense against anything that threatens the planet.

12. Dark Night of the Soul: The rebels continue to fight and sacrifice. They know that it is the only way to protect humanity.

13. Break Into Three: The rebels are successful in their fight. Humanity is saved, but at a great price.

14. Finale: The rebels continue to fight for peace and stability in the world. They know that it is the only way to ensure that humanity will never again be in danger of extinction.

15. Final Image: The world is at peace. The rebels have succeeded in their mission. Humanity is safe.