1. Opening Image: We see the city of Petra, a bustling metropolis in the middle of the desert. It is a prosperous city, and the people seem to be happy.

2. Theme Stated: We are introduced to Cassius, the governor of Petra. He is a successful man, with a beautiful wife and a prosperous city. But all is not as it seems. Cassius is a deeply conflicted man, haunted by his past and struggling to keep up the faade of happiness.

3. Setup: We are introduced to the people of Petra, who are increasingly resentful of their Roman masters. There are rumors of a rebellion brewing, and Cassius's grip on the city is beginning to slip.

4. Catalyst: Cassius's wife, Senora, is cold and distant, more interested in her own status than in her husband. This causes a rift between the two of them, and Cassius becomes increasingly paranoid.

5. Debate: Cassius begins to spy on Senora, and he becomes convinced that she is having an affair. He confronts her, and in a moment of madness, he kills her.

6. Break Into Two: With his wife dead and the people of Petra rising up against him, Cassius's world is crumbling. He retreats into his own mind, and the story takes on a more psychological horror feel as readers watch him spiral into madness.

7. B Story: The people of Petra are growing more and more restless. There are rumors of a rebellion brewing, and Cassius's grip on the city is beginning to slip.

8. Fun and Games: Cassius's paranoia leads him to believe that Senora is plotting against him. He confronts her, and in a moment of madness, he kills her.

9. Midpoint: With his wife dead and the people of Petra rising up against him, Cassius's world is crumbling. He retreats into his own mind, and the story takes on a more psychological horror feel as readers watch him spiral into madness.

10. Bad Guys Close In: The people of Petra are growing more and more restless. There are rumors of a rebellion brewing, and Cassius's grip on the city is beginning to slip.

11. All is Lost: Cassius's grip on reality completely unravels. He has a series of visions, in which he believes he is being hunted by demons. In reality, he is hunting down and killing the people who he believes are plotting against him.

12. Dark Night of the Soul: Cassius is captured by the people of Petra and put on trial. He is found guilty and sentenced to death. As he is being executed, he still believes that he is the victim of a conspiracy, and that his death is just another part of the plot against him.

13. Break Into Three: With his wife dead and the people of Petra rising up against him, Cassius's world is crumbling. He retreats into his own mind, and the story takes on a more psychological horror feel as readers watch him spiral into madness.

14. Finale: Cassius's grip on reality completely unravels. He has a series of visions, in which he believes he is being hunted by demons. In reality, he is hunting down and killing the people who he believes are plotting against him.

15. Final Image: Cassius is captured by the people of Petra and put on trial. He is found guilty and sentenced to death. As he is being executed, he still believes that he is the victim of a conspiracy, and that his death is just another part of the plot against him.