1. Opening Image: Captain William Sparrow of the good ship HOPE navigates his vessel through the dark, foreboding storm clouds, deftly avoiding the treacherous reefs which line the coast of his native England.

2. Theme Stated: And while he has certainly seen his share of danger and mystery in his years at sea, nothing has prepared him for the shocking sight that awaits him when his ship finally breaks through the clouds.

3. Setup: For there, in the middle of the ocean, hangs a huge sheet of what appears to be glass, completely encircling a small island. Captivated by the strange sight, Captain Sparrow orders his crew to set anchor and investigate.

4. Catalyst: As they approach the island, they can see that the glass wall is actually a giant hemisphere, completely enclosing the island within. And as they draw nearer still, they see that the island itself is teeming with all manner of people, animals, and plants " all of which appear to be from different periods in history!

5. Debate: As the crew docks their ship, they are immediately set upon by a band of swords-wielding pirates, who demand to know what they are doing in their territory. After some tense negotiations, the pirates agree to take the newcomers to their leader, the enigmatic Mary Read.

6. Break Into Two: Mary Read is a woman of many secrets, and she is not pleased to have intruders in her world. She demands to know how they found the island, and what they want with it. Captain Sparrow explains that they were just passing by when they saw the island and thought it might be a pirate refuge. As for what they want with it, Sparrow is truthful " he and his crew are simply curious about this place and its inhabitants.

7. B Story: This satisfies Read to a certain extent, and she agrees to show them around the island. As they walk, she tells them about the island's history " how it came to be, and how she and her pirates came to live there.

8. Fun and Games: The island, it turns out, is a place where time has no meaning " it is a place where all of history exists at once. And Mary Read is its self-proclaimed queen. As they continue their tour, the pirates take Captain Sparrow and his crew to meet some of the island's other inhabitants " a group of17th-century noblemen, a tribe of native Americans, a family of Victorian era peasants, and a pack of prehistoric beasts.

9. Midpoint: Gradually, Captain Sparrow and his crew begin to realize that they may never be able to leave this strange island " and that they may be nothing more than prisoners of Mary Read and her pirates.

10. Bad Guys Close In: As the days pass, Captain Sparrow and his crew grow increasingly restless. They long to return to their ship and continue on their journey, but they know that they are now essentially prisoners of Mary Read and her pirates. The only thing keeping them from outright revolt is the hope that Mary Read will eventually tire of them and let them go.

11. All is Lost: But as the days turn into weeks, it becomes increasingly clear that this is not going to happen. Then, one day, Mary Read summons Captain Sparrow to her quarters and tells him that she has decided to let him and his crew go.

12. Dark Night of the Soul: Captain Sparrow and his crew are overjoyed to be leaving the island, but their relief is short-lived. For no sooner have they set sail, then they are beset by a ferocious storm. The little boat is no match for the tempest, and it quickly goes down. The crew is washed ashore on a small, uninhabited island. They have no food, no water, and no way to signal for help. It seems their only hope is to build a raft and hope that they are picked up by a passing ship.

13. Break Into Three: As they set about building the raft, the crew grows increasingly despondent. They know that their chances of being rescued are slim, and they all begin to lose hope. Captain Sparrow, however, is determined to find a way off the island.

14. Finale: He spends hours scouring the beach for anything that might be of use, and his efforts are finally rewarded when he stumbles upon a small bottle. The bottle is empty, but Sparrow is sure that it can be used as a lens to focus the sun's rays and start a fire. With this new hope, he sets to work on building a fire.

15. Final Image: It takes several days, but eventually Sparrow is able to get a fire going. Using the bottle as a lens, he focuses the sun's rays onto a pile of dried seaweed, and the seaweed begins to smoke. Now that they have a fire, the crew is able to signal for help. A passing ship sees the smoke and comes to their rescue. Captain Sparrow and his crew are finally rescued and returned to England.