1. Opening Image: We see the village of Rajputana under attack by a band of thieves. The villagers are poor and have little to defend themselves with.
2. Theme Stated: The theme of the story is that life is harsh. The land is divided into many small kingdoms, constantly at war with each other.
3. Setup: We are introduced to the village of Rajputana and the band of thieves that have been terrorizing them. We meet Raj, a young man who is part of the gang. He is tired of this life of theft and violence.
4. Catalyst: The thieves strike again, killing the village guard and ransacking the homes. Raj decides that he has had enough and wants to leave the gang.
5. Debate: Raj knows that the only way to escape is to steal Jai's most prized possession - a set of jewel-encrusted daggers. He is debating whether or not to go through with it.
6. Break Into Two: Raj decides to go through with it and sneaks into Jai's tent to steal the daggers. Jai wakes up and tries to stop him, but Raj manages to escape.
7. B Story: We are introduced to Princess Aruna, the daughter of the king of Rajputana. Raj is captured and brought before the king. He is given a job in the palace to help Aruna prepare for her upcoming wedding.
8. Fun and Games: Raj and Aruna start to get to know each other. Aruna starts to see Raj as more than just a thief. Raj realizes that Aruna is not as spoiled as he thought.
9. Midpoint: Raj and Aruna have fallen in love with each other, but they know that they can never be together. Aruna is promised to another man, a prince from a neighboring kingdom. Raj is nothing more than a thief.
10. Bad Guys Close In: Jai has tracked down Raj and has followed him to the kingdom of Rajputana. He sneaks into the palace and attacks Raj. Raj is able to fight back and Jai is injured. Jai flees the palace.
11. All is Lost: Raj knows that Jai will be back and he must leave the kingdom before he returns. Aruna does not want Raj to go. She begs him to stay with her, but Raj knows that he must go.
12. Dark Night of the Soul: Raj and Aruna say goodbye. They know that they will never see each other again, but they will never forget each other.
13. Break Into Three: Raj leaves the kingdom of Rajputana and goes into hiding. Jai is still looking for him.
14. Finale: Jai finally finds Raj and attacks him. Raj is able to fight back and Jai is killed. Raj is safe, but he is now a wanted man. He must leave the kingdom and go into hiding.
15. Final Image: Raj and Aruna are forced to part ways, but their love will last forever.