1. Opening Image: Kaelyn is exploring the desert when she comes across a stranded spaceship.

2. Theme Stated: Kaelyn takes the injured alien man back to her home and nurses him back to health. The two of them become close and eventually fall in love. However, the man is from a rival planet and when his ship is repaired, he must leave. Kaelyn is heartbroken, but she knows that their love can never be.

3. Setup: Kaelyn is content to live out her life on Dargument, but she can't forget the man she loved and lost. One day, out of curiosity, she decides to build a spaceship of her own and follow him to his home planet.

4. Catalyst: When Kaelyn arrives on the man's home planet, she discovers that he is now the leader of his people. He is about to enter into an arranged marriage with a woman from a rival planet in order to solidify a peace treaty.

5. Debate: Kaelyn knows that she can't let him go through with it, but she also can't reveal her true identity. She comes up with a plan to sabotage the wedding and disrupt the peace treaty, but in the process she exposes her own identity.

6. Break Into Two: The man she loves is shocked and angry that she would go to such lengths, but he can't deny his feelings for her. The two of them must find a way to be together despite the political machinations of their respective planets.

7. B Story: While Kaelyn and her lover are trying to figure out a way to be together, a war breaks out between their two planets. They are forced to flee and they end up stranded on a remote planet.

8. Fun and Games: Kaelyn and her lover must find a way to survive in the hostile environment and build a new life for themselves.

9. Midpoint: Kaelyn and her lover find a way to be together and they live happily ever after. However, the peace treaty between their two planets is shattered and a war breaks out.

10. Bad Guys Close In: Kaelyn and her lover are forced to flee their home planets and they end up stranded on a remote planet.

11. All is Lost: Kaelyn and her lover are forced to flee their home planets and they end up stranded on a remote planet.

12. Dark Night of the Soul: Kaelyn and her lover are forced to flee their home planets and they end up stranded on a remote planet.

13. Break Into Three: Kaelyn and her lover find a way to be together and they live happily ever after. However, the peace treaty between their two planets is shattered and a war breaks out.

14. Finale: Kaelyn and her lover are forced to flee their home planets and they end up stranded on a remote planet. They must find a way to survive in the hostile environment and build a new life for themselves.

15. Final Image: Although they are cut off from the rest of the universe, Kaelyn and her lover are content in each other's company and they find happiness in their new life together.