1. Opening Image: Kaitlyn is sitting alone in a dark room, lit only by a candle. She's surrounded by books on the paranormal, and she's looking at a picture of a vampire.

2. Theme Stated: Kaitlyn has always been fascinated by the paranormal, but she's never really believed in it. She's about to meet someone who will change her mind.

3. Setup: Kaitlyn is a young woman living in Australia in the far future. She's always been a bit of a loner, and she's always been drawn to the paranormal. She's never really believed in ghosts or vampires or werewolves - until she meets Luke.

4. Catalyst: Luke is a vampire who has just moved to Australia. He's been living on his own for a while, and he's not really sure what he wants to do with his life. When he meets Kaitlyn, he's instantly drawn to her.

5. Debate: Kaitlyn is torn between her desire to help Luke and her own self-preservation. She knows that she's in over her head, but she can't walk away from Luke.

6. Break Into Two: Kaitlyn chooses Luke, and she helps him to defeat his enemies. In the process, she discovers that she's stronger than she ever realized.

7. B Story: Kaitlyn's involvement in Luke's world leads her to a confrontation with his enemies. She's put in a position where she has to choose between her own safety and Luke's.

8. Fun and Games: Kaitlyn's relationship with Luke is intense and passionate. She's fascinated by him, and she's more drawn to him than she's ever been to any other man.

9. Midpoint: Kaitlyn's involvement in Luke's world leads her to a confrontation with his enemies. She's put in a position where she has to choose between her own safety and Luke's.

10. Bad Guys Close In: Kaitlyn is in over her head, and she's forced to face the fact that she could be killed if she doesn't help Luke.

11. All is Lost: Kaitlyn is captured by Luke's enemies. She's about to be killed when Luke arrives and saves her.

12. Dark Night of the Soul: Kaitlyn is injured in the fight, and she's forced to confront her feelings for Luke. She's scared that she's getting too involved, but she can't deny her feelings for him.

13. Break Into Three: Kaitlyn and Luke defeat his enemies and start a new life together.

14. Finale: Kaitlyn and Luke are happy together, and they're both changed by the events of the past. They have each other, and they have a new life ahead of them.

15. Final Image: Kaitlyn and Luke are sitting together in a sunlit room, surrounded by books on the paranormal. They're holding hands, and they're looking at each other with love and understanding.