1. Opening Image: We see the harsh beauty of the Australian landscape. We see the Bushrangers, a group of renegade magic users, terrorizing the countryside.

2. Theme Stated: The king is desperate to put an end to the Bushrangers. He sends his best knights, led by Sir Gareth, to put an end to the Bushrangers.

3. Setup: We are introduced to Sir Gareth, a skilled and courageous knight. We are also introduced to the villagers, who are poor and terrified of the Bushrangers.

4. Catalyst: The Bushrangers ambush the knights and Sir Gareth is the only one who escapes. He makes his way to a small village and finds the villagers being terrorized by the Bushrangers.

5. Debate: Sir Gareth debates whether or not to use his magic to fight the Bushrangers. He decides to use his magic to fight them off.

6. Break Into Two: Sir Gareth breaks into two, using his magic to fight the Bushrangers and protect the villagers.

7. B Story: The villagers are drawn to Sir Gareth and decide to help him. They are not skilled in magic but are willing to fight and die for their freedom.

8. Fun and Games: Sir Gareth and the villagers prepare for the inevitable attack by the Bushrangers. They build fortifications and stockpile weapons. Sir Gareth also begins teaching the villagers how to use magic.

9. Midpoint: The Bushrangers attack. The battle is fierce but the villagers are able to hold them off.

10. Bad Guys Close In: Morgana, the leader of the Bushrangers, is captured by Sir Gareth.

11. All is Lost: The king sentences Morgana to death and she is executed.

12. Dark Night of the Soul: Sir Gareth and the villagers are hailed as heroes. The village is rebuilt and the people live in peace. Sir Gareth remains in the village, using his magic to protect the people.

13. Break Into Three: Sir Gareth breaks into three, using his magic to protect the people.

14. Finale: Sir Gareth and the villagers are able to live in peace and the village is rebuilt.

15. Final Image: We see the village in peace, with Sir Gareth remaining to protect the people.