1. Opening Image: A young queer couple, Nathan and Aiden, are eagerly anticipating their first child together. They have chosen to conceive through artificial insemination as Nathan is transgender and cannot carry a child himself. They are also excited to raise their child in a more progressive and open-minded galaxy than their own home planet of Earth.

2. Theme Stated: The couple's friends and family all come to visit them before the baby is born. They are all excited and supportive of the new family. The night before Nathan is frozen, they all have a big dinner together and spend time talking and sharing stories.

3. Setup: Nathan undergoes the freezing process and is successfully cryogenically frozen. The baby is born healthy and perfect. Aiden is there for the birth and is able to hold their child immediately after delivery.

4. Catalyst: However, shortly after the birth, the galaxy is Morgana Federation. They are a conservative and closed-minded society. They believe that queerness is an abomination and that any children born of queer parents are also abominations.

5. Debate: Aiden and Nathan are both arrested and thrown into prison. Their child is taken away from them and they are not allowed any contact with each other. They are both treated harshly in prison, but they do not give up hope.

6. Break Into Two: One day, they are both brought before the Federation Council. They are told that they are going to be put to death for their "crimes." However, they are given a choice: they can either be put to death immediately, or they can be exiled to a remote planet where they will live out the rest of their lives.

7. B Story: Aiden and Nathan choose exile. They are brought to the planet and are left there with only the clothes on their backs. They are completely cut off from the rest of the galaxy and have no way to contact their friends or family.

8. Fun and Games: Aiden and Nathan spend the rest of their lives on the planet, raising their child and living as best they can. They never give up hope that one day they will be reunited with their friends and family.

9. Midpoint: One day, many years later, a group of queer activists from the galaxy stumble upon the planet. They are surprised to find Aiden and Nathan still alive and well.

10. Bad Guys Close In: They are able to finally bring them back home and reunite them with their long-lost child. The ending scene is a big celebration with Aiden, Nathan, their child, and all of their friends and family.

11. All is Lost: They are finally free to live their lives the way they want to and be together as a family.