1. Opening Image: We see Sergio Rossi giving a speech to a large crowd of people. He is a charismatic and powerful politician who is very popular with the people of Italy.

2. Theme Stated: Sergio's right-hand man, Antonio, tells him that there is a lot of unrest among the LGBTQIA community and that there is a lot of resistance to his regime. Sergio is aware of the threat that Sophia Marconi poses to his power and he is determined to stop her.

3. Setup: We are introduced to the world that Sergio Rossi has created. In this world, the LGBTQIA community is not tolerated and Sergio has made it his mission to root out and arrest anyone who isn't heterosexual.

4. Catalyst: Sergio sends Antonio to infiltrate Sophia's resistance movement and gather intelligence on her plans. Antonio is a very skilled undercover operative and he quickly gains Sophia's trust.

5. Debate: As Antonio begins to learn more about Sophia and her plans, he starts to have doubts about whether or not he should be betraying her. However, he is loyal to Sergio and he knows that if he doesn't carry out his mission, Sergio will have him killed.

6. Break Into Two: Antonio is in a difficult situation and he doesn't know what to do. However, he is eventually able to make a decision and he betrayes Sophia to Sergio.

7. B Story: As a result of Antonio's betrayal, the uprising is crushed and Sophia is arrested. Sergio's victory is short-lived, however, as the people of Italy quickly become fed up with his tyrannical rule.

8. Fun and Games: A popular uprising quickly takes hold and Sergio is overthrown. Sophia is freed from prison and she becomes one of the leaders of the new government.

9. Midpoint: Despite her victory, Sophia is haunted by the memory of Antonio and the role that he played in betraying her. She knows that she can never trust him again, but she can't help but feel drawn to him.

10. Bad Guys Close In: Sergio is aware of the threat that Sophia poses to his power and he is determined to stop her.

11. All is Lost: In order to do this, Sergio sends his right-hand man, Antonio, to infiltrate Sophia's resistance movement and gather intelligence on her plans.

12. Dark Night of the Soul: As the date of the uprising approaches, Antonio's loyalty is put to the test. He knows that if he betrays Sophia, she will be arrested and likely killed, but if he doesn't betray her, Sergio will have him killed.

13. Break Into Three: Antonio is in a difficult situation and he doesn't know what to do. However, he is eventually able to make a decision and he betrayes Sophia to Sergio.

14. Finale: As a result of Antonio's betrayal, the uprising is crushed and Sophia is arrested. Sergio's victory is short-lived, however, as the people of Italy quickly become fed up with his tyrannical rule. A popular uprising quickly takes hold and Sergio is overthrown.

15. Final Image: Sophia is freed from prison and she becomes one of the leaders of the new government. Despite her victory, Sophia is haunted by the memory of Antonio and the role that he played in betraying her. She knows that she can never trust him again, but she can't help but feel drawn to him.