1. Opening Image: The story opens with a description of the dark and dreary setting. We are introduced to the main character, Giovanni, who is sitting in a small room with only a single candle to light the way.

2. Theme Stated: Giovanni begins to speak, and he reveals that he is tired of pretending to be something he's not. He is struggling with some inner demons, and he feels like he is losing his mind. He needs help.

3. Setup: We are given some background information on Giovanni. He is a successful businessman in Italy, but he has always been haunted by memories of his childhood. He has never been able to fully open up to anyone, and as a result he has never been able to shake the feeling that he is unworthy and unlovable.

4. Catalyst: Giovanni decides to seek help from a life coach. He meets Sofia, who is different from anyone he has ever met. She is kind and patient, and she listens to him without judgment.

5. Debate: Giovanni begins to open up to Sofia about his childhood, his fears, and his dreams. Under Sofia's guidance, Giovanni starts to make some positive changes in his life. He quits his high-stress job, begins to exercise and eat better, and starts to spend more time with his friends and family.

6. Break Into Two: Just when it seems like Giovanni is finally on the right track, tragedy strikes. Sofia is killed in a car accident, leaving him completely alone.

7. B Story: Giovanni is devastated by Sofia's death. He sinks into a deep depression, and he starts to spiral out of control. He stops going to work, stops taking care of himself, and starts drinking heavily.

8. Fun and Games: Giovanni gets drunk and drives his car off the road. He wakes up in the hospital with severe injuries, and is told that he will never walk again.

9. Midpoint: Giovanni is consumed by bitterness and self-pity. He gives up on life, and slips into a deep sleep from which he may never wake up.

10. Bad Guys Close In: Giovanni's friends and family start to lose hope that he will ever wake up. They begin to make arrangements for his funeral.

11. All is Lost: Just when all hope seems lost, Giovanni has a dream in which Sofia comes to visit him. In the dream, Sofia tells him that he is not alone and that she will always be with him. She tells him to wake up and live his life to the fullest, because she would be watching over him always.

12. Dark Night of the Soul: Giovanni clings to the dream, and it gives him the strength to fight for his life. After months of therapy and hard work, he finally wakes up from his coma.

13. Break Into Three: Giovanni is not the same man he was before. He is stronger and more hopeful, and he is determined to make the most of the second chance he has been given. He reconnects with his friends and family, and he starts to live his life in a way that honors Sofia's memory.

14. Finale: Although he will never forget the tragedy that led him to where he is today, Giovanni is finally able to find some peace. He has been through Hell and back, but he is still standing. And he knows that Sofia will be with him always.

15. Final Image: The story ends with a description of Giovanni's new life. He is surrounded by the people he loves, and he is living his life in a way that honors Sofia's memory.