1. Opening Image: We see the small town of Bethlehem, set in the hills of Judea in the first century. The town is peaceful and calm.

2. Theme Stated: The theme of the story is stated by the narrator. He tells us that this is the story of Christianity, and that it begins with a young couple, Joseph and Mary, who are expecting their first child.

3. Setup: We are introduced to Joseph and Mary, and we learn about their situation. They are forced to flee to Egypt due to the unrest in the region, and they are accompanied by a group of Roman soldiers.

4. Catalyst: On the way to Egypt, the group is attacked by bandits. The soldiers protect Joseph and Mary, and they are able to continue on their journey.

5. Debate: Jesus is born while the family is in Egypt. As he grows, it becomes apparent that he has special powers. His disciples ask him why he doesn't use his powers to save himself and his loved ones from suffering. Jesus says that he must fulfill his destiny and that his death will bring about a greater good.

6. Break Into Two: The story breaks into two as we see the conflict between Jesus and the religious leaders of the day. They see him as a threat to their power, and they eventually convince the Roman authorities to put him on trial for sedition.

7. B Story: The B story is the relationship between Lucius, the Roman captain, and Jesus. Lucius is protective of Jesus and his family, and he is conflicted when he is ordered to take Jesus to be crucified.

8. Fun and Games: We see Jesus performing miracles and helping those in need. He is a peaceful man, but he is also angry and bitter at the injustice of his treatment.

9. Midpoint: Jesus is convicted and sentenced to be crucified. His disciples are distraught and discouraged.

10. Bad Guys Close In: The religious leaders continue to persecute Jesus' followers. They go into hiding, but they are eventually found by the authorities.

11. All is Lost: Jesus is crucified. His disciples are scattered and discouraged.

12. Dark Night of the Soul: Jesus' disciples have a vision in which Jesus appears to them and tells them to continue his work. They emerge from hiding and begin to preach his message of love and forgiveness to the world.

13. Break Into Three: The story breaks into three as we see the disciples spreading Jesus' message to the world.

14. Finale: The story ends with the disciples continuing to spread Jesus' message of love and forgiveness.

15. Final Image: We see the small town of Bethlehem, set in the hills of Judea in the first century. The town is peaceful and calm.