1. Opening Image: Serafina Montovano is in her home in the small town of Montovano, England. She is packing her belongings, getting ready for her journey to Florence, Italy.

2. Theme Stated: Serafina is being forced into an arranged marriage with Vittorio Medici, the aged and wealthy ruler of Florence. She is scared and doesn't want to go.

3. Setup: In the days before her departure, Serafina is visited by a mysterious stranger who tells her that she has a great destiny ahead of her and that she must be brave. The stranger also gives her a necklace with a strange symbol on it, telling her that it will protect her.

4. Catalyst: On the voyage to Italy, Serafina befriends a young woman named Isabella who is also traveling to Florence to marry a Medici.

5. Debate: Serafina and Isabella bonded over their shared situation and arrive in Florence just before Isabella's wedding. Serafina is immediately thrown into the Medici household and is treated more like a prisoner than a wife. Vittorio is a cold and distant man who seems more interested in his own power and position than in his young bride.

6. Break Into Two: One night, Serafina is woken up by a commotion outside her window. She looks out to see a group of men attacking another man in the street.

7. B Story: Scared and confused, Serafina runs back to her room and tells Isabella what she saw. Isabella believes her and the two girls try to find out more about the strange symbol and what it might mean.

8. Fun and Games: They discover that the symbol is connected to an ancient order of monster hunters called the Order of the Dragon. With the help of the Order of the Dragon, Serafina and Isabella begin to understand the true nature of the beasts that are terrorizing the city of Florence.

9. Midpoint: They also come to realize that Vittorio Medici is behind the attacks and that he is using the beasts to try to gain more power.

10. Bad Guys Close In: Serafina and Isabella must find a way to stop Vittorio and his monsters before they destroy the city.

11. All is Lost: Serafina and Isabella's battle against Vittorio and his beasts comes to a head in a final showdown.

12. Dark Night of the Soul: With the help of the Order of the Dragon, they are able to defeat Vittorio and his monsters.

13. Break Into Three: After the battle is over, Serafina and Isabella's friendship is stronger than ever. They go on to live happy and fulfilling lives, using their experience to help others who are fighting against evil.

14. Finale: Serafina and Isabella are living their happy lives, helping others who are fighting against evil.

15. Final Image: Serafina and Isabella are together, standing up to evil and fighting for what's right.