1. Opening Image: John is making a routine patrol through space when his sensors pick up an unknown ship approaching rapidly.

2. Theme Stated: John is a highly flawed and Patriotic character who, over the course of the story, will make many misguided decisions in the name of his country.

3. Setup: John fails to hail the ship and it opens fire, severely damaging his own vessel. John is barely able to limp to a nearby planetoid and make an emergency landing.

4. Catalyst: As John begins to explore the planetoid, looking for any way to repair his ship, he is suddenly attacked by a pack of wild beasts.

5. Debate: John barely manages to fight them off and take refuge in a cave. huddled in the darkness, he has time to think about his situation and he comes to a realization that he is going to die unless he can find a way off the planetoid.

6. Break Into Two: John decides to venture back out into the jungle, this time armed with a make-shift spear, in search of food and any supplies he can find to help him repair his ship.

7. B Story: John's story is intercut with the story of the intelligent creatures that he will eventually meet on the planet. We learn about their war-like nature and their brutality.

8. Fun and Games: After a few hours of searching, John is again attacked, this time by a larger and more ferocious beast. He barely manages to kill it with his spear and, with the help of its carcass, he is able to find his way back to the cave where he had taken refuge before.

9. Midpoint: John now has food and shelter, but he still needs to find a way to repair his ship if he wants to get off the planetoid. He spends the next few days scouring the area for anything that might be of use, and he is finally able to find a few supplies that will help him in his repairs.

10. Bad Guys Close In: John is able to get his ship operational again, but he is now faced with another problem. His ship's propulsion system is damaged and he does not have enough fuel to make it back to his home planet.

11. All is Lost: John scans the nearby area for any habitable planets and finally finds one that is in range. He makes the decision to attempt a landing on the planet, even though it is unknown and there is a strong possibility that he will not be able to take off again.

12. Dark Night of the Soul: John makes a risky landing and finds himself in the middle of a dense jungle. He is immediately attacked by a host of strange creatures, but he is able to fight them off and take refuge in a tree.

13. Break Into Three: From his vantage point, John is able to get a better look at his surroundings and he realizes that he is not on an ordinary planet. This planet is inhabited by a race of intelligent creatures that are able to shape shift into the form of any other creature.

14. Finale: John watches as they slaughter each other and he is repulsed by their brutality. He knows that he needs to find a way off the planet, but he also knows that he cannot leave these creatures to continue their brutality. He decides to attempt to make peace between the two warring factions, in the hopes that they will be able to put aside their differences and live in peace.

15. Final Image: John has now been on the planet for several months and he has made a new home for himself among the intelligent creatures. He has taught them about Earth and they have shown him their own ways of living. He has come to love this planet and its inhabitants, and he knows that he will never leave.