1. Opening Image: Zuka is a young woman living in a small village in sub-Saharan Africa in the 15th century. She is betrothed to a man from a nearby tribe, but she does not love him. She is also attracted to a man from her own tribe, but she knows that it is not proper for her to desire him.

2. Theme Stated: Zuka is torn between her duty to her betrothed and her own desires.

3. Setup: One night, Zuka decides to run away from her village. She knows that if she is caught, she will be punished, but she cannot bear the thought of marrying a man she does not love. She plans to go to the nearby city of Timbuktu, where she has heard that there are many different cultures and people.

4. Catalyst: As Zuka is leaving her village, she is seen by her betrothed. He gives chase, but she is able to lose him in the darkness.

5. Debate: Zuka is torn between staying in her village and going to Timbuktu. She knows that if she is caught, she will be punished, but she is also curious about the different cultures she has heard about in Timbuktu.

6. Break Into Two: Zuka decides to go to Timbuktu.

7. B Story: Zuka arrives in Timbuktu and is amazed by the different people and cultures she finds there. She also meets a handsome stranger.

8. Fun and Games: Zuka begins to explore Timbuktu and the surrounding area. She quickly realizes that her betrothed will never find her here. She begins to feel at home in this new place.

9. Midpoint: Zuka discovers that the handsome stranger she met is actually a prince from a nearby kingdom.

10. Bad Guys Close In: Zuka's betrothed finds her in Timbuktu and demands that she return to her village with him.

11. All is Lost: Zuka refuses to go with her betrothed. He becomes angry and tries to force her to leave with him.

12. Dark Night of the Soul: Zuka is faced with the decision of whether to go with her betrothed or stay in Timbuktu. She is torn between her duty and her own desires.

13. Break Into Three: Zuka decides to stay in Timbuktu.

14. Finale: Zuka and the prince are married in a lavish ceremony. After their marriage, Jaleel must return to his kingdom, and Zuka must stay in Timbuktu. They are both sad to be apart, but they know that they will be able to see each other again.

15. Final Image: Zuka is happy in her new life, but she misses her home and her friends in Timbuktu. She decides to return to Timbuktu with Jaleel and their son. They are welcomed back by her friends and family. Zuka, Jaleel, and Zareef live happily ever after in Timbuktu.