1. Opening Image: The film opens with a scene set in space, focusing on a large spacecraft hurtling through the dark emptiness. 

2. Theme Stated: On board the ship, a team of astronauts are busy preparing for their next mission. However, there is an underlying tension among the crew, as they know that this mission is extremely dangerous and could result in death. 

3. Setup: As the astronauts suit up and go through the final checklists, the captain of the ship gives a rousing speech, trying to boost morale among the nervous crew. 

4. Catalyst: Finally, the ship arrives at its destination, a small planet that is home to a hostile alien race. 

5. Debate: As the astronauts begin their EVA (extravehicular activity), they are immediately attacked by the aliens. The crew fighting desperately for their lives, using whatever weapons they can find. 

6. Break Into Two: The aliens are relentless in their assault, and soon the astronauts are forced to retreat back into the safety of their ship. With the ship's hull breached and their supplies low, the astronauts know that they will not be able to last much longer. They come up with a radical plan to use the ship's self-destruct system to create a large explosion, hopefully taking out the aliens in the process. 

7. B Story: As the crew begins to implement their plan, the aliens make one final, desperate attack. This time, however, the astronauts are ready for them and manage to fight them off long enough to trigger the self-destruct sequence. 

8. Fun and Games: The ship explodes, taking the aliens with it. In the aftermath of the explosion, the surviving astronauts find themselves stranded on the small planet. They are forced to live in primitive conditions, as they search for food and water. The astronauts also have to contend with the hostile aliens, who are still alive and determined to kill them. 

9. Midpoint: As the days turn into weeks, the astronauts start to lose hope of ever being rescued. morale among the crew starts to crumble, and they start to fight amongst themselves. 

10. Bad Guys Close In: With the situation rapidly deteriorating, the captain of the ship makes the decision to go on a suicide mission, taking as many of the aliens with him as possible. He traps himself into an explosives-laden spaceship and flies it into the heart of the alien hive. 

11. All is Lost: The resulting explosion takes out the aliens and the majority of the ship's crew. Only a handful of astronauts survive the mission, and they are finally rescued by a nearby human spacecraft. 

12. Dark Night of the Soul: The film ends with the surviving astronauts being debriefed about the mission. They are all traumatized by the events that transpired, but are grateful to be alive. 

13. Break Into Three: The film closes with a shot of the empty, ruined planet, now nothing more than a smoking crater.