1. Opening Image: Soo-min is on her way to work as a chef at a famous restaurant in the capital city of Seoul. She is from a small town and is not used to the hustle and bustle of the city. As she is waiting for her train, she notices a handsome man also waiting for the train. They make eye contact, and there is an instant spark of attraction between them.

2. Theme Stated: The theme of the story is stated when Soo-min's boss assigns her to the task of preparing a special dish for a very important customer. The customer is a religious leader from another country who is visiting Korea on a diplomatic mission. He has very specific and unique dietary requirements, so it is up to Soo-min to create a dish that will meet his needs.

3. Setup: Soo-min begins to experiment with different ingredients and combinations, but nothing seems to be working. She is becoming frustrated and is about to give up when the handsome man from the train station suddenly appears in the restaurant. He introduces himself as Kim Jong-un, and it turns out that he is the religious leader's personal assistant.

4. Catalyst: Jong-un asks to speak with Soo-min in private, and she agrees. He tells her that the religious leader is very important to his country, and if she can create a dish that he will enjoy, it would be a great boon to the relations between their two countries. Soo-min is suddenly motivated and inspired, and she gets to work on a new dish.

5. Debate: After much trial and error, she finally comes up with the perfect dish. The religious leader is very pleased, and the dinner is a great success. Soo-min is praised by her boss and Jong-un, and she feels a sense of accomplishment.

6. Break Into Two: Soo-min and Jong-un continue to see each other, and they eventually fall in love. They get married and have a child, and they live happily ever after.

7. B Story: The B story of the story is the relationship between Soo-min and Jong-un.

8. Fun and Games: Soo-min and Jong-un's relationship is the main source of conflict and tension in the story. They must navigate their different backgrounds and the expectations of their families and society in order to be together.

9. Midpoint: Soo-min and Jong-un get married and have a child, signifying their commitment to each other and their relationship.

10. Bad Guys Close In: The couple faces challenges as they try to balance their work and family life. They must also deal with the judgment of their families and society.

11. All is Lost: Soo-min and Jong-un's child becomes ill, and they must face the possibility that they may not be able to save him.

12. Dark Night of the Soul: Soo-min and Jong-un are at their lowest point, but they find strength in each other and their love for their son. They are eventually able to save him and their family is reunited.

13. Break Into Three: Soo-min, Jong-un, and their son are finally able to live a happy and peaceful life together.

14. Finale: The family enjoys a meal together, signifying their love and happiness.

15. Final Image: Soo-min and Jong-un's family is shown to be happy and content, living their lives together in peace and harmony.