1. Opening Image: The year is 2150. Earth is no longer the only inhabitable planet in the solar system and humanity has spread out to colonize the others. Mars is the most populous of these new worlds, but it is far from the only one.

2. Theme Stated: Life is hard on the new frontiers and people have to be resourceful and tough to survive.

3. Setup: One such person is John Carter, a former soldier from Earth who has made a new life for himself on Mars. He is a guide, helping others to find their way in the hostile environment. He is also a husband and father, and he has carved out a comfortable existence for himself and his family.

4. Catalyst: However, Carter's life is about to change. He is recruited by the Martian government to lead a special mission to one of the newly-discovered planets in the system.

5. Debate: The planet is inhabited by a hostile alien race and the Martian government needs Carter's expertise to help them negotiate a peace treaty. Carter is hesitant to get involved, but he eventually agrees to lead the mission.

6. Break Into Two: Carter and his team set out for the planet, not knowing what to expect.

7. B Story: The journey to the planet is long and dangerous, but Carter and his team eventually make it.

8. Fun and Games: They are met with hostility from the aliens, but Carter is able to broker a peace agreement. However, the aliens are not to be trusted and they soon betray the agreement.

9. Midpoint: The Martian government decides to launch an all-out assault on the planet, but Carter refuses to take part in it. He knows that there is more to the aliens than meets the eye and he wants to try and understand them.

10. Bad Guys Close In: Carter sets out on his own to find the aliens and try to reason with them.

11. All is Lost: He is successful in finding them and he quickly realizes that they are not the monsters that they have been made out to be. He also discovers that they have their own reasons for attacking the Martian colonies.

12. Dark Night of the Soul: Carter tries to broker another peace agreement, but the Martian government will not listen to him. They launch their assault and the resulting war is devastating.

13. Break Into Three: Carter is forced to watch as the aliens are slaughtered. The war continues to rage, but Carter is eventually able to make the Martian government see reason. They agree to a ceasefire and Carter helps to broker a peace treaty.

14. Finale: With the war over, Carter can finally return to his family. He is a changed man, but he is at peace knowing that he did everything he could to try and prevent the senseless conflict.

15. Final Image: Carter returns to his family, changed but at peace.