1. Opening Image: We see a montage of news footage of the crime wave sweeping Europe. We see police cars racing through the streets, sirens blaring. We see people being interviewed about the violence, and they all seem scared and helpless. We see Interpol agents working tirelessly to try to put a stop to the violence.

2. Theme Stated: The theme of the story is stated in a voiceover by Sophia, the lead investigator on the case. She says, "This is a war, and we're going to win."

3. Setup: We are introduced to Sophia and her team. We see them working on the case, going through evidence and interviewing witnesses. Sophia is brilliant and tenacious, and she's determined to solve the case. However, she's also got a bit of a sarcastic streak, which sometimes gets her into trouble.

4. Catalyst: Sophia and her team finally get a break in the case. They track the gang to a remote location in the mountains, and they're able to arrest most of the members. However, the leader of the gang escapes.

5. Debate: Sophia is convinced that the leader of the gang is the key to solving the case, but she's not sure how to find him. She and her team track him down to a small town in the middle of nowhere. The trail goes cold, but Sophia is relentless.

6. Break Into Two: Sophia and her team stake out the abandoned cabin in the woods where they believe the gang leader is hiding out. They don't want to spook him and tip him off that they're onto him, but they also want to be prepared in case he tries to escape.

7. B Story: While they're staking out the cabin, Sophia and her team start to piece together the clues that led them to the gang leader. They also start to piece together the story of the gang and their crimes.

8. Fun and Games: Finally, they see movement inside the cabin, and they move in. The gang leader is surprised and tries to run, but he's quickly apprehended. Sophia interrogates him, and he finally reveals the location of the gang's hideout.

9. Midpoint: Sophia and her team raid the hideout and finally put an end to the gang's reign of terror. With the gang leader in custody and the hideout destroyed, Sophia is finally able to close the case.

10. Bad Guys Close In: The gang leader is tried and convicted, and he's given a life sentence. Sophia visits him in prison one last time, and she told him that she's always going to be watching him. She's not going to let him or his gang ever terrorize Europe again.

11. All is Lost: Sophia is triumphant, but also a little bit sad. She's closed the case, but at what cost?

12. Dark Night of the Soul: Sophia is visited by the ghost of one of the victims of the gang. The victim tells her that she needs to let go of the case and move on with her life.

13. Break Into Three: Sophia decides to let go of the case and move on with her life. She visits the victim's family and tells them that she's sorry for their loss.

14. Finale: Sophia visits the gang leader in prison one last time. She tells him that she's always going to be watching him and that she's not going to let him or his gang ever terrorize Europe again.

15. Final Image: Sophia is shown walking away from the prison, her back to the camera. We see the gang leader in his cell, looking out the window and watching her as she walks away.