1. Opening Image: We see Moses, our protagonist, as a young man working as a scribe in Egypt. He is clumsy and shy, but he is also kind and good-hearted.

2. Theme Stated: The theme of the story is justice.

3. Setup: We are introduced to the world of ancient Egypt. We learn about the ruling pharaohs, the wealthy merchant class, and the thriving peasantry. We also learn about the popular form of entertainment known as the silent movie.

4. Catalyst: Moses overhears his employer, a wealthy merchant, berating a peasant woman. The merchant is demanding that she give him her last sack of grain. If she does not comply, he will have her put to death.

5. Debate: Moses is horrified by this injustice. He knows that he can not let the woman be killed, so he takes the sack of grain and gives it to her himself.

6. Break Into Two: The next day, the merchant confronts Moses. He is enraged that Moses would dare to steal from him. He demands that Moses return the grain, or he will have him tortured and killed.

7. B Story: Moses knows that he can not go back to the woman and ask her for the grain. He also knows that he can not return the grain to the merchant. So he decides to run away.

8. Fun and Games: Moses flees to the city of Cairo, where he falls in with a group of street urchins. They teach him how to pick pockets and make a living on the streets. He quickly becomes their leader.

9. Midpoint: Unbeknownst to Moses, the merchant has put a price on his head.

10. Bad Guys Close In: One day, while Moses is leading his gang in a heist, they are ambushed by the merchant's henchmen. Moses is captured and brought before the merchant.

11. All is Lost: The merchant humiliates Moses and then has him tortured. But Moses does not give in. He refuses to tell the merchant where the grain is.

12. Dark Night of the Soul: Furious, the merchant orders Moses to be put to death. But as Moses is being led to his execution, he is rescued by his friends from the street gang.

13. Break Into Three: Moses is given a new lease on life. He flees Egypt and starts a new life in another country.

14. Finale: Moses eventually settles down in a small town and becomes a scribe again. He marries a woman named Zipporah and they have children together. He never forgets the events of his past, but he is able to live a happy and peaceful life.

15. Final Image: We see Moses, now an old man, surrounded by his loving family. He has finally found the justice and peace that he was searching for.