1. Opening Image: Leila is working at a seedy nightclub as a dancer. She's unhappy with her job and she's struggling to make ends meet.

2. Theme Stated: Leila's friend tells her that she needs to start living for herself and not for others.

3. Setup: Leila meets a man named Malik. He's a wealthy businessman who's in town on business. He takes an interest in her and offers to help her escape the city.

4. Catalyst: Leila agrees to go with Malik and the two of them begin a steamy affair.

5. Debate: Leila starts to see Malik as her ticket out, and she's willing to do whatever it takes to make their relationship work.

6. Break Into Two: Malik is killed in a car bombing. Leila is devastated by his death, and she blames herself for not being able to save him.

7. B Story: Leila's family is worried about her, but they don't know how to help her.

8. Fun and Games: Leila starts to build a new life for herself. She quits her job at the nightclub and starts her own business. She also starts to date again and finds happiness in her relationships.

9. Midpoint: Leila meets a man who reminds her of Malik. She starts to fall for him, but she's afraid to let herself get too close.

10. Bad Guys Close In: Leila's ex-boyfriend starts to stalk her and he makes threats against her new boyfriend.

11. All is Lost: Leila's new boyfriend is killed by her ex-boyfriend. Leila is consumed by grief and anger.

12. Dark Night of the Soul: Leila is about to take her own life when she's stopped by a vision of Malik. He tells her that she needs to live and that he's waiting for her on the other side.

13. Break Into Three: Leila has a powerful revelation. She realizes that she's been living for the wrong reasons. She decides to start living for herself and to make her own happiness.

14. Finale: Leila is finally able to let go of her past and move on with her life. She's happy and content, and she knows that Malik is always with her.

15. Final Image: Leila is dancing in her living room, surrounded by photos of her and Malik.