1. Opening Image: We see the bustling, cosmopolitan city of Venice in the 18th century. The city is full of people from all over the world, engaged in trade and commerce.

2. Theme Stated: The theme of the story is the importance of freedom.

3. Setup: We are introduced to Marco Polo, a Venetian adventurer and explorer. Polo is a skilled navigator and an experienced traveler. He is also fluent in a number of languages, including Arabic.

4. Catalyst: The Holy Roman Emperor funds an expedition to a small island off the coast of Tunisia. The island is supposedly the home of a creature known as a "djinn". The djinn is reputed to be a powerful being that can grant wishes.

5. Debate: Polo and his men debate whether or not to go on the expedition. They know that it is dangerous and they could be captured by the Emperor's men. However, they are also curious about the djinn and they want to see if it is real.

6. Break Into Two: Polo and his men decide to go on the expedition. They set sail for the island of Tunisia.

7. B Story: While on the expedition, Polo and his men meet a race of intelligent creatures known as the D'jkara. The D'jkara are a peaceful people who have been living on the island for many centuries.

8. Fun and Games: Polo and his men have a series of adventures on the island. They search for the djinn and they also help the D'jkara find the magical "Lotus Flower".

9. Midpoint: The expedition finds the Lotus Flower. However, the Holy Roman Emperor's men are not content to simply go home. They want to take the D'jkara back to Europe so that they can be studied and exploited.

10. Bad Guys Close In: Polo and his men are horrified by this plan. They know that the D'jkara will not survive in captivity. They also know that the Emperor will never believe that they are intelligent beings.

11. All is Lost: Polo and his men decide to help the D'jkara escape. They build a large ship and load it with food and supplies. The D'jkara are reluctant to leave their homeland, but they know that it is the only way to save themselves.

12. Dark Night of the Soul: The ship sets sail for an unknown destination. Polo and his men hope to find a place where the D'jkara can live in peace and freedom.

13. Break Into Three: The ship arrives on the island of Malta. The D'jkara are initially excited to be in a new place. However, they soon realize that the Maltese are a hostile people. The Maltese do not want the D'jkara on their island and they make it clear that they are not welcome.

14. Finale: Polo and his men decide to leave Malta and continue their journey. They soon arrive on the island of Sicily. The Sicilians are more welcoming than the Maltese, but they are still not interested in the D'jkara. The D'jkara are getting homesick and they long for their homeland. Polo and his men know that they cannot go back to the island of Tunisia. The Emperor's men are probably still there, waiting to capture them. The expedition decides to go to the island of Sardinia. However, when they arrive, they find that the island is already inhabited by a race of intelligent creatures called the N'mbu. The N'mbu are a warlike people who are constantly at war with each other. The N'mbu are not interested in the D'jkara and they quickly drive them away. The expedition is forced to leave Sardinia and they have no idea where to go next. They eventually decide to go to the island of Corsica. Corsica is a beautiful island and the D'jkara are finally able to settle down and make a home. However, the peace is short-lived. The Corsicans are soon at war with the Genoese. The Genoese are a powerful maritime nation and they quickly overwhelm the Corsicans. The D'jkara are once again forced to flee. This time, they go to the island of Sicily. The Sicilians are still not interested in the D'jkara, but they are not actively hostile. The D'jkara are able to live in peace on Sicily for many years. They build a thriving community and they are finally able to put down roots. However, the peace is shattered when the Sicilians go to war with the Carthaginians. The Carthaginians are a powerful nation with a strong navy. They quickly overrun Sicily and the D'jkara are once again forced to flee. This time, they go to the island of Malta. The Maltese are still hostile, but they are willing to tolerate the D'jkara. The D'jkara are able to live in peace on Malta for many years. The D'jkara are a peaceful and thriving community on Malta. However, their idyllic life is threatened when the Carthaginians invade. The Carthaginians are a powerful nation with a strong navy. They quickly overrun Malta and the D'jkara are once again forced to flee. This time, they go to the island of Sicily. The Sicilians are still not interested in the D'jkara, but they are not actively hostile. The D'jkara are able to live in peace on Sicily for many years. However, the peace is shattered when the Sicilians go to war with the Carthaginians. The Carthaginians are a powerful nation with a strong navy. They quickly overrun Sicily and the D'jkara are once again forced to flee. This time, they go to the island of Corsica. Corsica is a beautiful island and the D'jkara are finally able to settle down and make a home. However, the peace is short-lived. The Corsicans are soon at war with the Genoese. The Genoese are a powerful maritime nation and they quickly overwhelm the Corsicans. The D'jkara are once again forced to flee. They have nowhere to go and they are running out of options. Finally, they decide to go back to the island of Tunisia. They know that the Emperor's men are still there, waiting to capture them. However, they are willing to take the risk.

15. Final Image: When they arrive on the island, they are captured by the Emperor's men. They are taken back to Europe and put on display as curiosities. The D'jkara are treated poorly and they long for their homeland. However, they know that they will never be able to return. They are content to live out their lives on the island of Sicily, knowing that they will always be free.